So far, I can see that, for the User page:
                                           The Order section that has a list of their confirmed order, and where each order, upon clicked on, will display their order status.
                                           The shopping cart section that has orders they want to place, alongside payment option.
                                           A search bar that is in a single page called Search or sth that will also list of restaurants that users can scroll down
                                           Some sort of button that will display a list of restaurants near them?
And in each restaurant page:
                                                          a "front-page" that shows the name and the pic of the restaurant.
                                                          a menu button at the bottom of the front page that when clicked, display food selections, alongside another search bar allowing users to search food.
And in each food page that will get upon clicking of one of the menu entries of a restaurant:
                                                            a quantity of order, probably buttons denoting different sizes, and the Add to Shopping Cart button after all conditions are fulfilled. 
For the Owner page:
                                             The Order section that has a list of order confirmed in order of sent. They can also manually change the status of each order too.
                                             A section that will receive incoming orders where the owner can either reject or accept it?
                                             A Menu button that can lead to a Menu page where they can add their food and such?
And in the Menu page, a add and remove food buttons:
                                               Add: Allow owners to add their own food, probably with associating picture, alongside options they can offer + cost display
                                               Remove: Remove the food entry from the menu.
                                                Categorize: a button next to Add that allows owner to type in a food entry name and the tags they want the food to be associated with
Generally,
a login and register page, and the latter has two boxes that allow registrants to either register as an owner or a regular user. 

I think that's the general gist of what tests we've made towards so far but I want to know if there are any changes that can be made to the critical components of each page. 
Also, for the front-end language, should we use Django + Pytest, or React + Jest? I suppose for back-end, we can just use the usual Python for it.
And Selenium at the end for more interactive testing such as clicking a button that gets a page and returns True or sth.
Knowing the framework would also make it easier to design tests too
